found a penny book this book is designed
by Colleen as grant found a penny found
a penny found a penny just now just now
I found a penny found a penny just now
it's worth once and it's worth one cent
it's worth one cent just now just now
it's worth one cent is worth one cent
just down found a nickel found in extol
found in it so just now just now I found
in it sold pungen it's all just now it's
worth I'd damn it's worth five cents
it's rifice the straws now just now it's
worth five cents it's revised and just
now
found a dime found a dime found a dime
just now just now I found a dime found a
dime just now it's pretend
Sam it's worth 10 cents it's for 10
cents just now just now it's repentance
its repentance just now Bunga corredor
found a quarter found a board or just
now just now I found a quarter-pound
afford or just now it's worth 25 fans
it's worth 25 fans
it's which once he finds us just now
just now it's worth 25 cents it's for 25
cents
just now this is a mighty math book if
you want to run this book off go to WWE
to learn calm